Thread:-
          Achieving multiple task simultaneously is called Multitasking.Under Multitasking there
          are two way:-
          
          (1) Multiprocessing 
          (2) MultiThreading
          
   Multiprocessing:-
   
              Executing multiple process simultaneous is called multiprocessing ,where every
              process is independent. 
              In any operating system processor not process single process continue actually 
              it shift process to process in some small time period .
              So Every process is independent  and heavy also this is not a good way to achieve 
              multitasking.
              
              
  MultiThreading:-
  
               Multiple block are executing simultaneously in the same process. And Each block 
               of program is called thread.
               So multiple thread is leight weight process.
               
               In General Thread are two types:-
               
               (1) Demon Thread
               (2) User Thread
               
    DemonThread:-  Demon Thread is a thread which is dependent on its parents thread life .
                   Whenever Parent leave the execution demon thread also leaving the execution.
                   In order to achieve any background work (Batch Operation) we can use Demon Thread.
    
    UserThread:-  User Thread is not dependent on parent thread . User Thread keep look assign
                   task to it.
                   
                   
                   Whenever we are running java program java command apply three Thread.
                   
                   (1)Thread Schedular
                   (2)Grabage Collector
                   (3) Main
                   
     Thread Schedular:-  It's allocate CPU time to register thread.
     
     Grabage Collector:- It is mainally use to remove unused or abandend objet to memory.
                         A object that doesn't have any reference in the stack is called abandend
                         Object.
                         
      These both thread are demond Thread.
       
      Main Thread:-  Main thread is responsible to use main method. Main Thread is UserThread that is Fore 
                        Ground thread.
                     
    
     
                      
                   
                      
    